+++
title = "𓂀"
date = "2023-06-19T03:50:48+08:00"
tags = ["introspection"]
slug = "vision"
indent = true
align = "normal"
languageCode = "en"
summary = "All the movies and stories I’ve watched and heard before just flashed before my eyes, reminding me of a vibrant society filled with smiling people. We deserve a better society."
+++

All the movies and stories I’ve watched and heard before just flashed before my eyes, reminding me of a vibrant society filled with smiling people. We deserve a better society.

In my early childhood, I had a vision of what the world would be like. My grandpa took me across the mountains, and there I saw a futuristic metropolis. As I grew up, I discovered the reality of the world, which left me feeling disappointed. I turned to books, delving into topics such as human civilization, history, science fiction, laws of nature, the origin of life, and the mysteries of the cosmos. I started the pursuit of truth and meaning in philosophy; embraced aesthetics in art, nature, and humanself; searched for the arc of my personal life through the experiences of great minds and their stories. Through these explorations, I started writing as a means of exploration and self-expression, then stepped into technology industry. Along the way, I became lost and trapped by the demands of social reality and family expectations.

Nevertheless, I believe that I have always been on a quest to realize the vision I had from the moment I discovered who I am. I see through the present society and feel compelled to step out of my country to seek freedom for myself and people I love. I firmly believe in what I have envisioned, and I have made up my mind. It’s a lifetime endeavor that I find truly worthwhile. I will go there, and back again.